                                            The Adventures of Toto

Grandfather bought Toto from a tonga driver fer the sum of five rupees.

The tonga driver used to keep Toto in a feeding trough. 

Toto's smile could scare the shit out of the Anglo-Indian ladies.

Grandfather beleved that an animal's tail adds to its good looks.

Toto's ruined the walls of the room.

The wallpapers and school blazer was shreaded by Toto.

Grandfather thought that Toto was clever. He could tie the pieces of the blazer and could make a rope.

Toto was transfered to the servant's quaters where he lived with other pets.

A tortoise, a pair of rabbits and a squirell lived in the quaters and a goat for some time. 

The Grandfather and his family lived in Dehra Dun.

Grandfather went to Saharanpur to collect his pension.

The ticket collector said Toto was a dog because he wanted to charge him some extra fees.

When grandmother knew, she gave him a comfortable home in the stable with their horse 'Nana'.

Toto learned to take bath in a cunning way after seeing Grandfather dong that regularly.

Toto was taking bath in a kettle with boiling water when he was half boiled.

The kettle was for boil tea.

Toto was in the branches of the jackruit tree when he stole the pullao.

Grandfather sold Toto for a sum of 3 rupees.

                                          In the kingdom of fools


Everything in the city can be bought for a single daddu.

The disciple wanted to live in the city because everything was cheap and he could eat anything he want for a single daddu.

The disciple grew fat like a street-side sacred bull.

The theif broke into the house on a bright day.
    The wall fell on the theif and he died on the spot.

People in the case: Merchant, Bricklayer, Dancing girl and Goldsmith.

The Guru saw everything in a vision. 

The people begged the Guru and the disciple to be the King and minister respectively.

When the old king and the minister died, every old rule returned to normal.

                                        The Happy Prince

The statue of the Happy Prince was covered with gold and had sapphire eyes and ruby in the hilt of the sword.

The friends of the swallow had gone to Egypt six weeks ago.

The swallow was curious to find a drop of water to fall on him when there was no rain.

The Prince was crying because he saw the ugliness and misery of his city.

The white marble angles were sculptured in the Catherdal tower.

The lanterns were hanging on the masts of the ships.

The swallow sat for a long time in the roof of the church steeple.

The young playwrightist in the garret was leaning over a desk covered with papers, glass in the side and bunch of withered violets. His hair was crisp and brown, lips red as pomegranate and had large and dreamy eyes.

The playwrightist fainted because he had no food and there was no fire nearby. 

The sapphires were bought out of India.

The playwrightist found the sapphire lying on the withered violets.

The queen's maid said that she had ordered flowers to be embodered in her dress but the seamstresses were very lazy.

When the swallow sat on the mase of a large vessel, he watched the sailors working.

The matchgirl let her matches fall in ther gutter and they are all spoiled. She had no shoes or stockings. 

"There is no mystery so great as misery." Said the Prince.

When the swallow flew over the city, he saw the rich making merry in their beautiful houses while the beggers were sitting at the gates. Then he flew into the dark lanes and saw white faces of starving children looking out listlessly at the black streets. Under the archway of a bridge, two little boys were lying in each other's arm and keep themselves warm.

When the swallow took all the golden leaves, he looked quiet dull and grey.

The leaden heart snapped into two.

The town councillers always agreed to what the Mayor.

The Mayor issued a proclaimation that birds were not allowed to die near the statue of the Happy Prince.
    The town clerk made a note on what the Mayor had said.

"As he was no longler beautiful,  he was no longler useful." Said the art pefessor at the university.

They melted the statue in a furnace.

The broken lead heart did not melt.

The swallow anf the leaden heart were thrown in a heap of dust.

For the God's garden of paradise, the swallow shall sing more and the happy prince shall praise it.

