                                                       The Fun They Had  -Issac Asimov

Margie's diary had the note of the day,"17 May 2157".

Margie's grandfather said that when he was a little boy, his grandfather said that all the stories were preithd on paper.

The pages were yellow, crinkly and awfully funny to read as they had no moving letters.

According to Margie the words should move on a screen as they wqere supposed to be.

Margie was 11 and Tommy was 13.

Tommy was reading the book at the attic.

The book was about school.

When Margie was doing worse and worse in her geography, her mothe called the County Inspector.

The County Inspector was a little man with red face and a box full of dials and wires.

The part Margiehated the most was the slot where she had to put the homework and testpapers.

The work should be written in a punch code which Margie had learnt when she was 6.

Their surname was Jones.

The geography sector had been geared a little too quick. 

The County Inspector set the teacher to an average 10 y/o level.

Margie was disappointed because she had been shoping they would take the teacher away altoghether.

The County Inspector fixed the teacher in an hour or so.

Tommy's teacher had been away for nearly a month  as the history sector had been blanked out completely.

Tommy described the diary to be written Cunturies ago.

Margie was shocked when Tommy said the teacher was a  real man because a man is not smart enough and a mechanical teacher.

Margie didn't liked the human teacher because she wouldn't like a man in her house to teach her.

A school is a special type of building where children go to study.

Margie had classes everyday except saturday and sunday because her mother said that little girls learnt better if they learnt at regular hours.

The Children in the old kind of school entered the school laughing and shouting in the schoolyard.




                                                                    Lake Isle of Innisfree.

The poet wanted to go to Innisfree.

The small cabin was made of clay and wattles.

The faem had nine bean rows and a beehive.

Midight was all glimmer, the noon had a purple glow and the evening was full of linnet's wings.

The Lake's water made a lapping sound on the shore.




                                                       The Lost Child -Mulk Raj Anand 

The story took place in the spring.

In the fair, some people walked, some rode on horses, others sat, being carried on bamboo and bullock carts.

The boy lagged behind facinated by the toys in the shops.

The boy lost his parent when he was attracted by the worms and insects along the footpath that were coming out of their hiding place to enjoy the sunshine,

The boy forgot to follow his parents when he entered the grove and rained by young flowers.

The boy began to gather then petels when he was rained with flowers.

A narrow, winding footpath led to the fair throught the mustard fields.

The sweet-meat seller selled gulab-jamun, rasgulla, barfi, jalebi, etc.

The child's favourite sweet was Barfi.

The sweets were covered with leaves of gold and silver.

The child had the desire to possess the all stuff in the fair.

The child ran near the enterance of the temple crying.

A man holding a pole sold yellow, red, blue, green and prple balloons.

The child went near the snake charmer as he heard the coarse music.

When he was near the roundabout, he called his parents, when there was no reply, he reasised that they were already gone away.

When the boy saw his parents were not there, he started to run everywhere in fear. So his clothes got dirty.

The colour of the boy's tuban was yellow.

Everything that the boy wanted earlier were not good at all when he got lost.

The child's parents gone running into the wild capers around the banyan tree.

                                        The Road Not Taken -Robert Frost

The road diverged in a yellow wood.

The poet was sorry because he couldn't travel both.

The poem "The Road Not Taken' teaches us that if we take the way which people don't prefer and succeed in it, we shall not regret our choise.

The leaves turn black when the poet steps them.

The paths lead to the same destination.

The one path looked fair and the other looked deserted and unexplored.

As the poet took the second difficult path, it made a difference in his life.

                                   The Sound Of Music

Her full name was Evelyn Glennie.
    Her mother's name was Isabel Glennie.

Evelyn Glennie is a Scottish percussionist.

When Evelyn was 11 y/o her marks were detoriated.

Evelyn's headmistress ahked her parents to take her to a specialist.

Ron Forbes spotted Evelyn's potential.

Evelyn toured to England with a young orchestra when she was 16 y/o

Evelyn speaks flawlesly with a Scottish lilt.

She feels music through every part of her body. It tingles through her skin, her cheekbones and even in her hair.

Apart form regular concerts, she gives free concerts in prisons and hospitals.

In 1991, she was presented with the Royal Philharmonic Socitey's prestigious Soloist of the year award.

The music that we hear, Evelyn can feel it which is far more deeper than any of us.

Emperor Aurangzeb banned the playing of an instrument called pungi in the Royal residence.

A barbar from a family of a professional musicians who had access to the rocal palace decided to improve the tonal quality of Pungi.

Shehnai is played in weddings because it is thought to brigh good fortune.

The flowing waters of ganga let bishmillah to improvise and make ragas.

At the age of 14, he accompanied his uncle to the Allahabad Music Conference.

Bismillah's first trip to abord was to Afganistan

Bismillah Khan was the first Indian to be invited to the Lincoln Centre Hall

He got Bharat Ratna in 2001.

He was fondly called Khansaab

