1. We should say such language that we make ourselves happy
2. And the listener gets the same amount of joy 
    If we have to say anything, we should say it in such way that the listener accepts that. These days, we should should say such language that would not make 
    ourselves guilty and also the listener doesn't feel bad. 


3. A deer has a fragrant object in its naval and it can smell it itself. And in search of it, it wanders around the whole forest but it can't find it because 
it is in itself.
4. Just like that, we, in search of the almignty, wander everywhere, but we can't find it because it is inside ourselves. 
    Everyone has a god inside them. That's why we should search for him withing ourselves (know ourselves first before knowing others). 

        1. God exists withing ourselves.
        2. The poet gives an example of a reindeer and compares it with ourselves to make a clear similarity and proves that he is right.


5. When the poet had jelousy, he didn't had the almighty with him. And when we have the almighty inside us, then all the jelousy inside us has perished. 
6. Just like a lantern inside a dark room lightens it. Just like that when god has entered inside him all his curses, bad deeds, jelousy, etc has perished. 
    Explains how to find the almighty. Remove all your bad deeds, jelousy, etc. before finding the almighty. 
    The amount of ego we have inside us is an obstacle for us to find the almighty. 

        1. I here repersents ego. 
        2. Darkness represents illeteracy and lantern repersents knowledge. 


7. The whole world is happy because they eat and sleep (unaware of anything and doesn't find god [just like me (he doesn't exist, cry about it)])
8. The only person sad in this world is the poet because he stays up all night and cries in search of almighty (he cries because he can't find god lol)
    The post talks about the people who think and has an aim in life (if we have an aim in life, we don't want to sleep)


9. The people who are away from the almighty have been bitten by a poisonous snake whose poison is not going to get away by spells. 
10. The person who stays away from the almighty can't live at all. And if he lives, he's no more human, he's a psycho. 
    

11. We should keep our hater close to us. Even you can keep him with you. 
12. Just like soap and water cleans our body, just like hate can clean the faults and flaws inside us.
    This explains the importance of haters in our life. 
    The hater is our eternal friend 


13. The whole world read all the books and dies but nobody was smart enough (a person who can give good knowledge to someone else)
14. If a person accepts the letters of the almighty, he can be the smartest (a perosn who teaches us life lessons and give us knowledge) 
    If you accept the knowledge of god, you get all kinds of knowledge (enlightment) 
    Memorising books doesn't make us smart. Try to find examples irl 



15. 