George Leslie Norris 

21 may 1921 - 6 april 2006 

He used to teach at institutions academic institutions in Britain and United States, including Brigham Young University   

He was a prize winning poet and a short story writer

The poet is trying to differentiate between the life of a tiger in a zoo and the life of a tiger in the forest and so trying to enphasize that the life of a tiger 
should be in the forest 




The tiger stalks with his prominent stripes inside his small cage with his soft and quiet paws with his silent anger. (the tiger was angry because he couldn't do everything 
he could do in the forest)

The tiger in the forest hides in the shadows (tiger hides themselves from other animals). The poet wants the tiger to walk in the long grass of the forest. The tiger 
should be near the water bodies hiding from the plump deers so that he can hunt. 

The tiger should be around the houses at the jungle's edge and make noise of growling and frighten the people who live in the houses with his long white fangs.

The tiger has nothing to do anything behind the bars and the tiger just walks around and ignores the visitors 

The tiger in the cage hears the patrol cars at the end of the day and watches the stars with his sparkling eyes 

Tiger's eyes are compared to stars



1. (i)
In cage                     In forest 
stalks                      lurking
Ignoring                    sliding
Hearing                     snarling
                            baring 
                            terrorising


1. (ii)
Cage               Forest 
Behind bars         shadows
concrete cell       jungle's edge
                    water hole 
                    long grass 



repeatation: repeatation of the similar word 
    velvet quiet, quiet rage; brilliant eyes, brilliant stars 

Alliteration: repeatation of the same sound 
    stalks, stripes----st  ; should, shadows----sh; plump, pass-----p; should, snarling-----s; concrete, cell-----c; behind, bars-----b; he, hears-----h 

Poem scheme: abcb abcb abcb abcb abcb 

Personification: to compare with a human being 
    tiger is referred as human 

Oxymoron: contradictory words/ combination of opposite words but are used side by side 
    quiet, rage 

metaphor: it is a figure of speech that pulls comparision between two unrelated ideas or things
    tiger's paws, pads of velvet 

Enjambment: continuation of the lines without punctuation marks 

Imagery: use of vivid image in our mind 
    Tiger 

Consonance: It is the repeatation of consonant sounds (can be anywhere in a word and should be in the same line)

Assonance: It is the repeatation of vowel sound (can be anywhere in a word and should be in the same line)




Yes, zoos are necessary for the protection and conservation of some species of animals because if any endangered animals are left in the wild without anyone to look after them, they might be hunted by poachers for their body parts. Whereas in zoos, there is a whole team of zoo staff to look after them, hence they don't have the chance to be killed by poachers. Even with these facilities of the zoo for the animals, they don't have the freedom as they get in the wild.
    Yes, zoos are useful for educating the public because they provide information about endangered animals and the importance of biodiversity in the ecosystem. 
Wildlife sanctuaries are great alternatives to zoos because the animals are free to roam in and they can live on their own. There's also a possibility that some poachers can break in and hunt the endangered animals. Though not a solution with full protection, they act as a natural habitat for the animals to enjoy the freedom they don't have in zoos.




Alliteration: Alliteration is the repeatation of any sound at the beginning of a word 
Consonance: It is the repeatation of consonant sound anywhere in a word 
Assonance: It is the repeatation of vowel sound anywhere in a word 



