SUBJECT-VERB CONCORD :

1. If two singular nouns refer to the same person or thing, the verb must be singular. 
Eg. The orator and statesman is dead.
If different persons or things are referred to, the article will be us3d before each noun and the verb will be plural.
Eg. The orator and the statesman are dead.

2. If two subjects together express one idea, the verb will be singular. 
Eg. The horse and the carriage at the door.

3. If the singular subjects are preceded by 'each' or 'every', the verb will be singular. 
Eg. Every man, woman and child was lost.

4. Two or more singular subjects connected by 'or', 'nor', 'either...or', 'neither...nor' take a singular verb.
Eg. Either Abdul or Amir has stolen the car.
Neither food nor water was found there.

5. When the subjects joined by 'or', 'nor', are of different numbers, the verb must be plural and the plural subject must be placed next to the verb.
Eg. Raman and his brothers have done it.

6. When the subjects joined by 'or', 'nor' are of different Persons, the verb agrees in Person with the nearest to it.
Eg. Either he or I am mistaken. 
Neither you nor he is to blame. 

7. A collective noun takes a singular verb when the collection is thought as a whole and takes plural verb when the collection is thought individually. 
Eg. The council has chosen the President. 
A number of interesting suggestions have been made.

8. Some nouns which are plural in form but singular in meaning, take a singular verb.
Eg. The wages of sin is death.

9. Some nouns which are singular in form but plural in meaning, take a plural verb.
Eg. According to the present market rate twelve dozen cost rupees one hundred. 

10. When a plural noun comes between a singular subject and its verb, the verb is often wrongly made to agree with the nearest plural noun instead of with the real subject.
Eg. The quality of the mangoes was not good. 
Neither of the men was very tall.

11. Words joined to a singular subject by 'with', 'together with', 'in addition to', 'as well as' etc are parenthetical and therefore do not effect the number of the verb.
Eg. Justice as well as mercy allows it.

12. When the subject of the verb is a relative pronoun care should be taken to see that the verb agrees agrees in number and preson with the antecedent of the relative. 
Eg. I, who am your friend, will guard your interests.
